Action
We will now continue with the
pose of the character when it falls.
This we can work from this layer,
since we don't need much
reference, not for now.
These layers are those of the
character keeping the diamond,
that we will use them right away,
so we are going to run them now
and we are going to worry about them.
We follow the same process.
In this case, as the legs
are supported on the floor,
we are not going to link
the legs with the torso,
since we need to move the
torso independently of the legs.
We leave all the keyframes
of the character standing
and we work in the pose
where our character fell on the floor.
The main thing is
that we lower the torso
To get an idea of how
much to flex your legs.
I missed animating the
position of the torso.
You have to be careful,
Make sure to mark the properties
that we will encourage with the clock.
Position and rotation of
everything, just in case.
So now.
The other thing we will do in this
first pose is to stretch our hands a little,
The arms, really.
And in this case, as the hand
is going to be very different,
For now we can duplicate this layer.
We are going to make the
previous layer start a little later,
let's hide it
and we will work for now,
with the duplicated layer,
where we are going to eliminate
all the sub-layers of the hand,
because we are going
to draw a new hand.
Because sometimes, if we
deform everything we have existing,
We are very forced.
For example in this case,
this hand, being as pointing back,
There are not many ways to make
it bend so that it points forward.
Then, we must draw a new hand.
And when it stops, we
carry this hand pose
to a kind of
anticipation with the elbow raised.
Thinking a bit about what staging is.
We will try to make this
movement more readable.
So, let's move away the
part that we’re encouraging,
which in this case is
the arm, forearm and elbow,
in the opposite direction to
the one that will finally move,
to exaggerate that movement.
Since the arm is
attached to the torso,
We can work with the
keyframes independently,
that the main movement
is given by the torso.
So, we can delay this a little
and give that
movement a bit of time lag.
So first we read how
the character stands
and then how he rests
his hand on his hip,
As saying, I got it.
Here we are deforming quite ugly.
So, we have to adjust that a bit.
That's more or less good.
This hand that holds the diamond,
having a precious object,
It will move like taking care of it.
So, I imagine it won't move much,
It won't change much
since we are going to have
this hand in the same way,
always pointing up, to
keep the diamond standing.
And we can start
adding some small bounces,
type "overlapping",
for when, for
example, this part gets up,
to keep the balance when it stops,
It will have a small bounce.
Now, these movements
are very synchronized,
We have to try to
desynchronize those kinds of movements.
Let's work a little
more on the torso and legs,
They are too slow.
And the same, we give a
little "overlapping" here.
I usually help
myself with the keyboard,
using the arrows to move the nodes,
since it is like a kind
of a universal measure.
If we move the torso
with Shift and once up,
We know that a certain amount moves,
that I don't know if they are 10 pixels.
And if we want to move the
nodes of the leg the same pixels,
we can use the same unit of measure,
That would be Shift up.
What we do have to take
care of is the acceleration.
And we have to do again
that the animation of the
position of our torso is linear,
because if not, it
adds a lot of bounces
and some things we don't want.
So, if we put Keyframe
Interpolation, Linear,
We avoid such problems.
This kind of "stretch" that I
give here is a bit exaggerated.
I have to deform the legs a
little to strengthen that.
If it's a stretch, that
means it stretches up.
and the central parts shrink a little.
So, I'm going to move
my knees to the center
and I will see how it looks
if I lift the taco a little.
This hand may need a double bounce.
Okay, you have to adjust the
times, but it is taking shape.
We can add here,
I'm anticipating a little
and I'm going to copy the
Posterize layer that I have in other scenes
and I'm going to add it here to
see how it looks with this at 12.
It looks pretty good,
but in the part that makes
slow motion it looks half cut,
Maybe I should take it to a
larger amount of frames per second.
But for now it's going well.
We will continue working
on the pose we were coming
To add details like the hand.
Since we must add a new drawing,
We use the Pen and draw a hand here.
I paint it with any
color, what we have to do now
It is to look for the
hand we have as a reference.
Select with the Pen that
object and copy the color.
If we double click it,
we select only that object
And we can paste the color and
apply the color hand to hand.
Now we have to order that new drawing.
Let's group
and we carry it below
so that it is behind.
And we are going to add some
details, such as the lines we were using.
Again, let's look
for the existing hand,
we select one of our lines
and let's see what
color it has, copy it,
and see the size, which is 2 pixels.
So, in the new lines
we will select them and
we will paste the color,
we remove the padding
and 2 pixels, that's fine.
So, there we have our
beautiful little hand.
We carry the two new
Shapes of the lines
within the new hand group
and now we must animate those Paths.
Now here we must copy the
acceleration that we already have in our arm,
for the hand
Good and the moment the hand hits,
We are going to make it
a bit more exaggerated.
Let's cut this layer
and we will show the other.
We already have it ready.
Now it was a bit weird,
because this layer has no animation,
so, let's give it a
little "overshoot".
Let's see how it looks.
I add the Posterize layer.
We animate the Frame Rate,
so that in the
first pictures it is 24,
So we see a couple
of pictures very fast.
When it is about to
fall again it returns to 24
and finally, when he is already making
contact with the floor, we return to 12.
We see how it looks.
It is quite good.
That is, details are
still missing, such as hair,
That looks like a
red without much sense.
We have to cheer him up a bit.
That hand could also
have some movement,
you have to make the
moment when you grab the diamond
and something that I would also
like to add is a contact pose,
just before between this and this,
I imagine it can be
a pose based on this,
but maybe supporting only one foot
and with the other foot raised.
So, let's move
everything we already have
two frames for the right
and we are going to
stretch the layers a little more,
to have two pictures
before the movement.
And now based on this,
I will recover the
original position of the torso
and the original shape
and position of the legs.
So, so we have in principle,
This should not have any acceleration.
And there we have when it falls,
but I would like to give this
pose a little more movement,
to show it as an
intermediate situation,
maybe in which the
leg is still in the air.
And maybe, the torso
can be a little up,
maybe even a little to
the right to balance.
Maybe a rotation.
So, when it supports, we
will give it a counter rotation.
What I want to do here is
to stretch my legs a little.
Here at this time,
the joint goes a bit
against natural movement,
since it goes as against the knee,
but that kind of thing helps us
to give it more expressiveness.
I'm not going to worry
about the middle frame,
because now it will be 12,
so the middle frame will not exist.
Let's do something
similar with the arm,
let's assume that it comes from a
position where you are looking up.
So, there we connect these
two poses a little better.
I'm going to correct
the leg volumes a bit.
And see now.